In this video,
we'll cover refactoring the backend configs.
Here's our development process.
The first thing that we'll do,
is we'll fix the deprecated methods for Spring Data REST.
We'll also configure CORS mapping for Spring Data REST.
Then, we'll configure CORS mapping for RestController.
Next, we'll disable the HTTP PATCH method.
And then finally, we'll modify
the Spring Data REST Detection Strategy.
All right, step one of fixing the deprecated method
for Spring Data REST.
Now, you may have noticed that there was one method
that's deprecated in our configuration.
That method is called configureRepositoryRestConfiguration.
And to fix this deprecated method is really easy.
All you do is use the method signature
that has an additional parameter for CORS registry.
And we'll actually use this CORS registry
because it has some very nice features available.
This brings us to step two of configuring the CORS mapping
for Spring Data REST.
So, now this new parameter, CorsRegistry cors,
we can use this to configure the CORS mapping.
So, here I'll have
cors.addMapping(/api/**).allowedOrigins.
And this has the mapping for /api,
which is defined in our app properties file
as the spring.data.rest.base-path.
And then another thing we can do here,
is make use of this allowedOrigins.
And so here, we can add the localhost:4200.
Instead of having to add the CrossOrigin
to every one of our repository REST resources,
we can simply define it at one location here
and make use of it.
So, we can remove the CrossOrigin from our JpaRepositories
and make use of this configuration here
for Spring Data REST.
Now, one thing I like to do here,
is move the configuration for allowed origins
to an application.properties
because I don't want to hard code the localhost
into my actual Java source code.
I'll put it into this application.properties file,
and my properties file will have this entry allowed.origins
and I give the actual reference,
and then I can inject this value to my configuration
by using @value and reference that allowed.origins,
assign it to an array of strings,
and then later on I can use it here
in this configure method.
I can say AllowedOrigins and simply pass on a reference here
for that variable, theAllowedOrigins.
So, just gives me some flexibility here
as far as configuring this CORS mapping.
And if you have multiple origins,
you can simply give a comma-delimited list.
And then one final thing that we can do here,
is we can make use of our existing property,
spring.data.rest.base-path,
and that's actually available in the config object.
So, we can clean up this coding even further here.
So, cors.addMapping, instead of hard coding the /api,
we can simply reference this via this config object,
config.getBasePath
and it'll read that same information
from that configuration file.
With step three we will configure the CORS mapping
for RestController.
It's important here to note,
that the RestController configuration
is separate from the Spring Data REST configuration
in regards to CORS mapping.
So, here we create this new class here,
MyAppConfig implements WebMvcConfigurer.
And then what we'll do is we'll simply
read in these properties
from the application.properties file.
So here, I'll have the @Value for spring.data.rest.base-path
and also @Value for allowed.origins.
And then I can use that in this method
that I override here, addCorsMapping.
They pass on the CORS registry
and I use this cors.addMapping(basePath).allowedOrigins.
And so now that we have this configuration set up
for our RestController, then we can remove the @CrossOrigin
for our RestController implementation
for our CheckoutController.
So, we can clean our code up a bit more.
So, this is pretty good.
I like it.